adapter/practica/practica/Empresa1Android.java
 adapter.practica.practica.Empresa1Android
visitor/practica/ejercicio2/Italia.java
 visitor.practica.ejercicio2.Italia
adapter/practica/practica/AdapterWeb.java
 adapter.practica.practica.AdapterWeb
bridge/practica/ejercicio/IArquitectura.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicio.IArquitectura
adapter/practica/practica/Web.java
 adapter.practica.practica.Web
visitor/practica/ejercicio2/Bolivia.java
 visitor.practica.ejercicio2.Bolivia
decorator/Practica/practica/Client.java
 decorator.Practica.practica.Client
bridge/practica/ejercicio2/EnviarTierra.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicio2.EnviarTierra
bridge/practica/ejercicioNoBridge/Windows.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicioNoBridge.Windows
proxy/practica/ejercicio/Client.java
 proxy.practica.ejercicio.Client
bridge/practica/ejercicio2/IMetodo.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicio2.IMetodo
visitor/practica/ejercicio/Client.java
 visitor.practica.ejercicio.Client
bridge/practica/ejercicio/Arquitecturax86.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicio.Arquitecturax86
extra/Laptop.java
 extra.Laptop
adapter/practica/practica/AdapterEscritorio.java
 adapter.practica.practica.AdapterEscritorio
decorator/Practica/practica/PersonajeBasico.java
 decorator.Practica.practica.PersonajeBasico
visitor/practica/practica/AppCheckHealth.java
 visitor.practica.practica.AppCheckHealth
adapter/practica/practica/Escritorio.java
 adapter.practica.practica.Escritorio
extra/ServicioReparacion.java
 extra.ServicioReparacion
bridge/practica/ejercicioNoBridge/Client.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicioNoBridge.Client
decorator/Practica/ejercicio/PromocionCuenta.java
 decorator.Practica.ejercicio.PromocionCuenta
visitor/practica/ejercicio/IEditor.java
 visitor.practica.ejercicio.IEditor
adapter/practica/practica/Empresa1IOS.java
 adapter.practica.practica.Empresa1IOS
visitor/practica/ejercicio2/ILibrecambista.java
 visitor.practica.ejercicio2.ILibrecambista
extra/Client.java
 extra.Client
extra/IServicioTecnico.java
 extra.IServicioTecnico
visitor/practica/ejercicio2/LibrecambistaCompra.java
 visitor.practica.ejercicio2.LibrecambistaCompra
adapter/practica/ejeercicio/AdapterRefrigeradores.java
 adapter.practica.ejeercicio.AdapterRefrigeradores
bridge/practica/ejercicioNoBridge/Linux.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicioNoBridge.Linux
proxy/practica/practica/ICluster.java
 proxy.practica.practica.ICluster
visitor/practica/ejercicio2/Client.java
 visitor.practica.ejercicio2.Client
visitor/practica/practica/IAppHealth.java
 visitor.practica.practica.IAppHealth
proxy/practica/practica/Proxy.java
 proxy.practica.practica.Proxy
proxy/practica/practica/Client.java
 proxy.practica.practica.Client
bridge/practica/ejercicio/Windows.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicio.Windows
decorator/Practica/practica/PesonajeConCuracion.java
 decorator.Practica.practica.PesonajeConCuracion
adapter/practica/practica/Client.java
 adapter.practica.practica.Client
visitor/practica/ejercicio/Word.java
 visitor.practica.ejercicio.Word
bridge/practica/ejercicio/Arquitecturax64.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicio.Arquitecturax64
decorator/Practica/practica/PersonajeConEscudo.java
 decorator.Practica.practica.PersonajeConEscudo
adapter/practica/ejeercicio/Televisores.java
 adapter.practica.ejeercicio.Televisores
adapter/practica/ejeercicio/AdapterTelevisores.java
 adapter.practica.ejeercicio.AdapterTelevisores
visitor/practica/ejercicio2/Brasil.java
 visitor.practica.ejercicio2.Brasil
decorator/Practica/ejercicio/Decorator.java
 decorator.Practica.ejercicio.Decorator
visitor/practica/ejercicio/Plugin1.java
 visitor.practica.ejercicio.Plugin1
extra/Tablet.java
 extra.Tablet
adapter/practica/ejeercicio/Client.java
 adapter.practica.ejeercicio.Client
bridge/practica/ejercicio2/IEmpresas.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicio2.IEmpresas
visitor/practica/practica/Computadora.java
 visitor.practica.practica.Computadora
visitor/practica/practica/Celular.java
 visitor.practica.practica.Celular
adapter/practica/ejeercicio/IEmpresaArtefactos1.java
 adapter.practica.ejeercicio.IEmpresaArtefactos1
visitor/practica/practica/IArtefactosElectronicos.java
 visitor.practica.practica.IArtefactosElectronicos
adapter/practica/ejeercicio/Refrigeradores.java
 adapter.practica.ejeercicio.Refrigeradores
bridge/practica/ejercicio/IPlataforma.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicio.IPlataforma
visitor/practica/practica/Client.java
 visitor.practica.practica.Client
visitor/practica/practica/Televisor.java
 visitor.practica.practica.Televisor
bridge/practica/practica/EmpInstalacionAgua.java
 bridge.practica.practica.EmpInstalacionAgua
adapter/practica/ejeercicio/Lavadoras.java
 adapter.practica.ejeercicio.Lavadoras
adapter/practica/ejeercicio/Empresa1Computadoras.java
 adapter.practica.ejeercicio.Empresa1Computadoras
bridge/practica/ejercicio2/EmpresaSRL.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicio2.EmpresaSRL
bridge/practica/practica/PagoTransferenciaBancaria.java
 bridge.practica.practica.PagoTransferenciaBancaria
decorator/Practica/practica/Juego.java
 decorator.Practica.practica.Juego
visitor/practica/ejercicio2/LibrecambistaVenta.java
 visitor.practica.ejercicio2.LibrecambistaVenta
visitor/practica/ejercicio/Sublime.java
 visitor.practica.ejercicio.Sublime
adapter/practica/ejeercicio/Empresa1Celulares.java
 adapter.practica.ejeercicio.Empresa1Celulares
decorator/Practica/ejercicio/BancaInternet.java
 decorator.Practica.ejercicio.BancaInternet
decorator/Practica/ejercicio/SeguroCuenta.java
 decorator.Practica.ejercicio.SeguroCuenta
decorator/Practica/ejercicio/Client.java
 decorator.Practica.ejercicio.Client
bridge/practica/practica/IMetodo.java
 bridge.practica.practica.IMetodo
bridge/practica/ejercicio/Client.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicio.Client
decorator/Practica/ejercicio/CuentaBasic.java
 decorator.Practica.ejercicio.CuentaBasic
adapter/practica/ejeercicio/Empresa1Tablets.java
 adapter.practica.ejeercicio.Empresa1Tablets
extra/IArtefactosElectronicos.java
 extra.IArtefactosElectronicos
visitor/practica/ejercicio2/Argentina.java
 visitor.practica.ejercicio2.Argentina
bridge/practica/practica/EmpInstalacionElectrica.java
 bridge.practica.practica.EmpInstalacionElectrica
extra/PC.java
 extra.PC
bridge/practica/ejercicio2/EmpresaSA.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicio2.EmpresaSA
visitor/practica/ejercicio/Notepad.java
 visitor.practica.ejercicio.Notepad
adapter/practica/ejeercicio/IEmpresaArtefactos2.java
 adapter.practica.ejeercicio.IEmpresaArtefactos2
bridge/practica/practica/IEmpresas.java
 bridge.practica.practica.IEmpresas
bridge/practica/ejercicio2/EnviarAire.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicio2.EnviarAire
decorator/Practica/practica/PersonajeConArma.java
 decorator.Practica.practica.PersonajeConArma
visitor/practica/ejercicio/IPlugIn.java
 visitor.practica.ejercicio.IPlugIn
adapter/practica/practica/IEmpresaArtefactos2.java
 adapter.practica.practica.IEmpresaArtefactos2
adapter/practica/ejeercicio/AdapterLavadoras.java
 adapter.practica.ejeercicio.AdapterLavadoras
adapter/practica/practica/IEmpresaArtefactos1.java
 adapter.practica.practica.IEmpresaArtefactos1
bridge/practica/ejercicio/Linux.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicio.Linux
bridge/practica/ejercicioNoBridge/IPlataforma.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicioNoBridge.IPlataforma
adapter/practica/practica/Empresa1WindowsPhone.java
 adapter.practica.practica.Empresa1WindowsPhone
bridge/practica/ejercicio2/Client.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicio2.Client
decorator/Practica/ejercicio/Cuenta.java
 decorator.Practica.ejercicio.Cuenta
visitor/practica/ejercicio2/IPaises.java
 visitor.practica.ejercicio2.IPaises
bridge/practica/ejercicio2/EnviarMar.java
 bridge.practica.ejercicio2.EnviarMar
decorator/Practica/practica/Decorator.java
 decorator.Practica.practica.Decorator
bridge/practica/practica/EmpInstalacionAlcantarillado.java
 bridge.practica.practica.EmpInstalacionAlcantarillado
bridge/practica/practica/PagoAplicacion.java
 bridge.practica.practica.PagoAplicacion
bridge/practica/practica/PagoEfectivo.java
 bridge.practica.practica.PagoEfectivo
bridge/practica/practica/PagoTigoMoney.java
 bridge.practica.practica.PagoTigoMoney
bridge/practica/practica/Client.java
 bridge.practica.practica.Client
proxy/practica/ejercicio/Moneda.java
 proxy.practica.ejercicio.Moneda
proxy/practica/ejercicio/ICuentaBanco.java
 proxy.practica.ejercicio.ICuentaBanco
proxy/practica/practica/Cluster.java
 proxy.practica.practica.Cluster
proxy/practica/ejercicio/Proxy.java
 proxy.practica.ejercicio.Proxy
proxy/practica/ejercicio/CuentaBanco.java
 proxy.practica.ejercicio.CuentaBanco
proxy/practica/ejercicio/TargetaDebito.java
 proxy.practica.ejercicio.TargetaDebito
proxy/practica/practica/AppWeb.java
 proxy.practica.practica.AppWeb
composite/practica/ejercicio/AgrupadorElectronicos.java
 composite.practica.ejercicio.AgrupadorElectronicos
composite/practica/practica/Documentos.java
 composite.practica.practica.Documentos
composite/practica/practica/AgrupadorArchivos.java
 composite.practica.practica.AgrupadorArchivos
composite/practica/ejercicio/ArtefactosElectronicos.java
 composite.practica.ejercicio.ArtefactosElectronicos
composite/practica/ejercicio/Client.java
 composite.practica.ejercicio.Client
composite/practica/practica/Archivo.java
 composite.practica.practica.Archivo
composite/practica/practica/Client.java
 composite.practica.practica.Client
composite/practica/ejercicio/Computadora.java
 composite.practica.ejercicio.Computadora
